DOCS-6567 SharePoint Online M3 update (#1075)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/microsoft-sharepoint-online-connector.adoc

+
. Specify Proxy Host, Proxy Port, Proxy Username, Proxy Password if suitable.

=== Security Token Authentication

You can use a SAML security token to log in to SharePoint. You can provide an XML body via a POST request to get the security token that you put in the Studio Security Token field. 

To obtain a security token, make a POST request to `+https://login.microsoftonline.com/extSTS.srf+` with this XML body:

[source,text,linenums]
----
<s:Envelope xmlns:s="http://www.w3.org/2003/05/soap-envelope"
      xmlns:a="http://www.w3.org/2005/08/addressing"
      xmlns:u="http://docs.oasis-open.org/wss/2004/01/oasis-200401-wss-wssecurity-utility-1.0.xsd">
  <s:Header>

>     <a:Action s:mustUnderstand="1">http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/02/trust/RST/Issue</a:Action>

Reviewer: Is the space here ok?

    <a:ReplyTo>
      <a:Address>http://www.w3.org/2005/08/addressing/anonymous</a:Address>
    </a:ReplyTo>
    <a:To s:mustUnderstand="1">https://login.microsoftonline.com/extSTS.srf</a:To>
    <o:Security s:mustUnderstand="1"
       xmlns:o="http://docs.oasis-open.org/wss/2004/01/oasis-200401-wss-wssecurity-secext-1.0.xsd">
      <o:UsernameToken>
        <o:Username>[username]</o:Username>
        <o:Password>[password]</o:Password>
      </o:UsernameToken>
    </o:Security>
  </s:Header>
  <s:Body>
    <t:RequestSecurityToken xmlns:t="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/02/trust">
      <wsp:AppliesTo xmlns:wsp="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2004/09/policy">
        <a:EndpointReference>
          <a:Address>[endpoint]</a:Address>
        </a:EndpointReference>
      </wsp:AppliesTo>
      <t:KeyType>http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/05/identity/NoProofKey</t:KeyType>
      <t:RequestType>http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/02/trust/Issue</t:RequestType>
      <t:TokenType>urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.0:assertion</t:TokenType>
    </t:RequestSecurityToken>
  </s:Body>
</s:Envelope>
----

> The response from the previous request contains the security token between the <wsse:BinarySecurityToken> tags.

Reviewer: Is this rewording technically accurate?
```suggestion
The response to this request contains the security token between the <wsse:BinarySecurityToken> tags.
```

After you have a security token, specify the token value in Studio:

image::sharepoint/sharepoint-security-token-config.png[Security Token Configuration]

> * Security token: Enter the corresponding security token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Security token: Enter the corresponding security token.
```

> * Site URL: Enter the corresponding site URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Site URL: Enter the corresponding site URL.
```

== Install the Connector

. In Anypoint Studio, click the Exchange icon in the Studio task bar.

> . Click Login in Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Login* in Anypoint Exchange.
```

. Search for the connector and click *Install*.
. Follow the prompts to install the connector.

=== Configure Your First Flow

. In Anypoint Studio, click *File* > *New* > *Mule Project*.

> . Specify a Project Name and click *Finish*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Specify a Project Name value and click *Finish*.
```

. Click the *Global Elements* tab.
. Click *Create.

> . Search for `sharepont`.

Reviewer: Do you mean `sharepoint`?

. Click *Microsoft SharePoint* and click *OK*.
. Choose the Global Type to configure:
+
image::sharepoint-online-windows-global-types.png[]
+

> .. Click *Test Connection* to ensure the connection works correctly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Click *Test Connection* to ensure that the connection works correctly:
```

+
* What Mule editions can I use this connector with?
+

> This connector is supported on any Enterprise Edition Anypoint platform running on any operating system and bit type, including the CloudHub integration PaaS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connector is supported on Enterprise Edition Anypoint Platform running on any operating system and bit type, including the CloudHub integration PaaS.
```
